Added reference to Installing SmartProxy Server Guide (#1477)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_capsule_server.adoc

                       --certs-tar "~/myproxy.example.com-certs.tar"
----
+

> For information on custom SSL certificate signed by a Certificate Authority, see {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-{smart-proxy-context}-server_{smart-proxy-context}[Deploying a Custom SSL Certificate to {SmartProxy} Server].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on custom SSL certificates signed by a Certificate Authority, see {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-{smart-proxy-context}-server_{smart-proxy-context}[Deploying a Custom SSL Certificate to {SmartProxyServer}] in _{InstallingSmartProxyDocTitle}_.
```

See https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L96
